Update website metadata (#2098)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: README.md

## About

**Privacy Guides** is a socially motivated website that provides information for protecting your data security and privacy. We are a non-profit collective operated entirely by volunteer team members and contributors. Our website is free of advertisements and not affiliated with any of the listed providers.

Our current list of team members can be found [here](https://www.privacyguides.org/about/#our-team). Additionally, [many people](https://github.com/privacyguides/privacyguides.org/graphs/contributors) have made contributions to the project, and you can too!

> The purpose of Privacy Guides is to educate our community on the importance of privacy online and government programs internationally that are designed to monitor all of your online activities.

Reviewer: Could use splitting or rephrasing. A paraphrase would look like this:
```suggestion
Privacy Guides' mission is to inform the public about the value of online privacy and global government initiatives that aim to monitor your online activity.```
